Customer Names,Customer Review,Customer Comment,Ratings
Flipkart Customer,Fabulous!,superb phone i am very happy to buy itcolour camara and screen was fantastic i really love it thanku 😊😊READ MORE,5
Satyam Agrawal,Really Nice,At this price range this is the best phoneProcessor is top notch 695 snapdragon can be good for next 2-3 yearsCamera is ok according to pricePhone feels light in hand and had a eye catching lookREAD MORE,4
Shabab Alam,Good,Good phn but camera not good as i expectedBattery backup v.good charger not worth 18W i expect this phn has 44WREAD MORE,3
Sutiksh Sharma,Decent product,"Reasons for giving 3 stars, super night mode is not available in 4gb varient and this was not clearly mentioned, no 30w fast charging, drop notch display, these are the only cons i found. rest is good.READ MORE",3
Dhanurdhar Nath,Simply awesome,"I have used this device for 12 days this device no any issues & perfectly work but BGMI gaming There is a problem in doing this, there is an automatic refresh, it may be fixed after the software update ।I am very happy to buy this mobile I really liked the color of it and the camera frame was also very nice And the display is IPS not so good but when used outside, its light remains bright. And talking about the network, after the arrival of 5g, you will know how much speed it is giving, it is...READ MORE",5
Flipkart Customer,Best in the market!,Guys the camera quality of the phone is very good.And even it best In segment for gaming.Only macro camera is not good but camera quality is decent .And even look of the phone is very pretty the design looks very nice. The phone is soo slim and light weight. I have shared some photos clicked by vivo T1 The battery backup is also good But it should have atleast 33w charging speed but it has only 18w charging which is not soo fast.READ MORE,5
Ragini shrivastav,Very Good,As usual we all known that Vivo is famous for their camera. If you look for good camera quality and space go for it. It looks is awsm 💁🏻‍♀️ Disadvantages :- screen touch 2/5 I rated bcz its not working properly and after installing apps its work more slower thn before 🥴READ MORE,4
Flipkart Customer,Simply awesome,"I gifted this phone to my father. The front camera is better that Samsung f23 model. I bought it in sky-blue colour. The best thing of this is you get charger, back cover and handset with this, whi h is not the case with Samsung F23. You have to buy everything saperately for Samsung which is a disadvantage. This is also very ligh weight.READ MORE",5
Atul Shingade,Nice product,Best price and best mobile ever....👍👍Camera quality is asome.Micro mode also good work and clear image captured.READ MORE,4
Harikesh Gautam,Just wow!,The best UI I got it and Android 12 gives you a better experience..Camera is so good as I expected...Gaming is so good but gyroscope delay a little... but all 👍Love Vivo....READ MORE,5
